1. INTRO:
Hi, I am Saurabh!
I have done my graduation in electronics and communication engineering. For the past 2.10 years, I am working into the world of Java development, Mostly in the retail world and I was working with stock-related project.
I'm skilled in things like Java (the language, not coffee!), Spring Boot (like a turbocharger for Java), Junit (for testing), Kafka (a data streaming tool), Newrelic (Application performance management tool), PagerDuty(Incident Management tool), Maven and Gradle (tools for building code), and I worked on Azure Logic Apps and Azure File Share in Azure Cloud.

2. Brief on previous Project assignment:
I worked on a retail project, specifically I worked on the stock application.
As a Java backend developer, my role covered the entire software development life cycle, from coding in Java Spring Boot to testing with JUnit and Cucumber Automation. I used Kafka for event handling, supplier was sending stock related picture using kafka so, I have created listener using  @KafkaListener(topics = "${generic.kafka.topic.extraction}") and This json string msg I was converting into Java object formate using Object Mapper class readValue(supplyString, GenericSupplierDetails.class) method , Gradle for building, and New Relic for performance management. I also handled dashboard and alerts creation for monitoring the application, and incident management using PagerDuty. Additionally, I worked on Azure Logic Apps for scheduling cron jobs and utilized file sharing for data storage. We tracked progress using JIRA and followed an agile methodology. I supported the testing team when they had dependencies on our application.

In previous we were facing Facing the challenge of growing code base, I initiated refactoring efforts. I created utility methods and focused on code reuse, such as developing an object-to-string converter and date-time conversions.

when we talked about achievement, I successfully created numerous dashboards and alerts to monitor the application. I integrated communication channels like mobile phones, Teams, and email, ensuring prompt addressing of issues. I also implemented an escalation policy for on-call personnel to acknowledged issue as every as possible

This experience allowed me to enhance my skills and Working with diverse technologies expanded my knowledge, and this is contributing significantly to my professional growth.


Q3. Most challenging task you have faced in your career till now.
I had picked one story card related to performance load testing. That time I was facing of challenges related VM, data preparation in start. I have learned about Azure VM set up and resolved that, secondly, before teams members was preparing data manually using excel. But I have written Java code for preparation of data and started automation for data preparation. 
then when I have started run the script. that time I seen memory and CPU utilization for particular pod touching to 100% and pod was restarting again and again. then I have started refactoring of code. In code cognitive complexity was more. I have re-factor if else statement properly. reduced variable creation if not required. and lastly added more pods. Then my expected load able to handle my code and infrastructure.
After that we understand code base is going big, refactoring is required to understand and maintain the code. 
