Please practice the below java programs using Java 8 features:
 
1. Given a String, find the first non-repeated character in it using Stream functions?
String input = "Java articles are Awesome";
2. Write a program to print duplicate numbers.
3. Write a program to find whether a string or number is palindrome or not.
4. Given a String, find the first repeated character in it using Stream functions?
String input = "Java articles are Awesome";
5. Write a program to find min and max numbers in the array.
6. Write a program to find the second-highest number in an array.
7. Write a program to Find the Second-Lowest Number.
8. Write a program to a Flattering list of objects.
9. Write a program to Print Even Numbers.
10.  Given an integer array nums, return true if any value appears at least twice in the array, and return false if every element is distinct.
11. Write a program to sort the 2 lists in descending order.
13. Write a Java 8 program to concatenate two Streams?
14. Write a program to sum a list - initial value is 100. for ex 100+ (sum_of_elements).
15. Write a program to append char in char ex-input- {A, B, C} output->[A_X, B_Y, C_Z].
16. Write a program to find the only duplicate count list in the List.
17. Given a list of integers, find the total number of elements present in the list using Stream functions
18. Given a list of integers, find the total number of distinct elements present in the list using Stream functions
19. Get the current date and time using Java 8 Date and Time API
20. Java 8 program to perform cube on list elements and filter numbers greater than 50.
21. Write a Java 8 program to sort an array and then convert the sorted array into Stream?
22. How to use map to convert object into Uppercase in Java 8?
23.  How to convert a List of objects into a Map by considering duplicated keys and store them in sorted order?
24. How to count each element/word from the String ArrayList in Java8?
List<String> names = Arrays.asList("AA", "BB", "AA", "CC");
25.How to check if list is empty in Java 8 using Optional, if not null iterate through the list and print the object?
26. Java 8 – Convert Epoch time milliseconds to LocalDate or LocalDateTime
27. Java 8 – How to calculate days between two dates?
28. Java 8 – Filter a null value from a Stream
Stream<String> language = Stream.of("java", "python", "node", null, "ruby", null, "php");
29.Group by a List and display the total count of it in ascending order
List<String> items =
               Arrays.asList("apple", "apple", "banana",
                       "apple", "orange", "banana", "papaya");
30.How to convert a primitive Array to List.